Fengtian carries the responsibility of killing the master and does not rate Qianqiubing soldiers
Wu Bao Qiankun is currently fighting and kneeling in the sky
Send Ma Long Shuai Send Ma Long Shuai
Welcome to Ma Long Shuaiqi
Father, this is the hero
Baby is waiting for you to come back
Come on, I'll bring out the traitor
Yeah.
Master, you can't kill
I'm being expelled from the Senate
elder
You escape from the rebel hero Taidou and convince the king Xuan
Such people have been called senators
Then you can't kill me either.
But my eldest son knows he can't live without you
Is death him?
It's not that the dynasty son was also withdrawn by you
And you also dare to offend me
Wouldn't it be with your head slash
My father's funeral
Calm down and dare to commit
Hero today
To pay the price
Your edifice doesn't just give us the sense of empire
Hundred Years of Blood
Blood for blood in this life
Long Shuai Now the old Long Shuai has been supported by the sinner
I don't know what to do next
Three days in the North Pole
I'm going to restart the Hall of the Dead
You are talking about the Hall of Souls, the first holy land in China.
Exactly.
He can only activate the Canglong Evolution of the previous dragons
Luotian returns to its roots
It's time for my father to attack
Do you want to tell the four families of Haicheng this news?
So that they don't grow
I don't want anyone to bother my father
The relatives also warned them not to disturb the people
Otherwise kill without mercy
Yes
Father, the child has brought you home